Hey there! This is the question of exercise
47.
And for this exercise I'd like you to write a script that iterates through each of the 26 text
files.
So these are the text files that we use in the previous exercises but you can also find them
attached
in this article for your convenience.
And so then the script checks if the letter inside the text file is in string python and then puts
the letter in a list if the letters is, if the letter is a character of that string.
So then you print out the list.
So this is the list.
So again what we are doing is we're going through these text files.
We're reading the content.
So we go to the first file, A we read the content and we check if the contents of the file so if A
is part of this string and if it is we put a in a new list. If it's not we go to the next file and so on.
And we were consumed, we have consumed all the 26 files and then we print out the list that we
constructed. That's the exercise.
I hope you solve it and I'll talk to you later.